# Ilearn
##Advisement Aid

### Goal
  The main goal in this project is to fix the disconnect between Advisors and students. Its not ideal to have incomming freshman not comfortable with college life and its burdens, needing to meet with someone they never met before about an alien subject, aka. the Plan of Study. A main problem is that early students don't meet with an advisor and leave thier college carreer in thier own hands. By the time the student decides to see an advisor they are in thier junior year or about to graduate, so they think. When a student finally decides to take that leap and meet with thier advisor, its extremely hard to follow and understand what is going on. They are looking at a grid of different codes and areas that are scattered everywhere and talking to someone who has seen it year after year and know it inside and out makes it difficult to follow. My plan is to elimanate these issues and make meeting with advisors and viewing a plan of study more efficient. The point is to allow the student to get a grasp of what thier 4 years will look like and be able to make adjustments easily based on the courses offered per semester. The advisor will be able to have all his advisees under one application and view, edit, or even suggest classes to his advisees. In no way is the advisor beign replaced, they are the knowledge base and key to making sure the student is on the right track, and they know what classes are offered when. The point is not to eliminate face to face interactions, but to improve the communication and time spent with each advisee. No more spending time figuring what classes you have taken or might need to graduate on time, but instead spend that time knowing what you as a Graduate are going to do after college. 
  
  "Failing to plan is planning to fail"
                          -Alan Lakein
